So we come to the third meetings. so in the last meeting we have discussed the functional design. and now we will talk about the conceptual design. So we will talk about some specific details.
Okay so I think I will do my presentation on the components concept. the first thing I have done is to to made a review together with the manufactural department. and have which components was available to build a remote control. So for energy sources we have we have to choose between the solar energy, hand dynamo and kinetic well kinetic technique to to store the energy. We also we also can put a regular battery in the in the remote control. we didn't decide yet which kind of battery we will put inside the the remote. So it's a point to discuss. Concerning the interface we can we can put just simple buttons or scrolls or buttons much more complicated,. but it also requires that the chip to process the button is more complicated so. And this is the last point, the choice of chips. So what I have found is that I think basic battery or kinetic energy collection is the is the better way to provide energy. because I think solar energy wi won't work in a cluttered environment. For the case well I think that titanium is is a good choice. because it's trendy. For the interface I think that we can ach achieve all the desired functionalities by just using rubber buttons, simple buttons
What is this single curved
Well i i it's it's the the shape of the of the remote. You you will have the well the the curve will fit into your hand when you grab the. It's more confog comfortable that if these it's completely flat.
And the battery, is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter?
Yeah the that's the point. The kinetic one is you can recharge by the. and by well by just by moving the ar your arm the well the remote will accumulate energy. But I I don't know it's if it is feasible. because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote all the necessary energy.
We we might check with our and department to see if they have this product ready for market.
We can see in our and if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy.
So I keep in touch with the and department. So the titanium case is the normal case that. I'll show you some pictures that I have. and you tell me whether they are titanium case or not. 'Cause I am not very sure, plastic, titanium or whatever. There's another point I want to make,. is that the well you've seen them I le na my presentation that I point out some why buttons are not the not the only ways you can use. So the user interface is i it uses the aspect of a computer system,. a programme which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived by the human user. and the commands and mechanism the user uses to control its operation and input data. we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here. The idea is to represent buttons as figures, diagrams, symbols and on. so you you can easily when you look at the symbols you understand what it is doing.
A graphical user interface emphasise the use of pictures.
So the here are some examples. So they cluster the buttons together. They group them into col they colour them. and they have different forms as well. but this interface are kind of confusing. basically there are too many buttons. So some people are propose voice recognition. ah by the way I receive an email from the from one our departments saying that the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine for this by a company. when you tell the you say good morning coffee machine. and the machine are reply to you. And it seems like this voice recognition technology is ready to be used. so we might consider that, supposedly. so somebody some people use some people use a spinning wheel th with the LC display. so instead of using the buttons you have a LCD screen. and then there you can you can use that as buttons,. Touch screen, I mean. And some people propose a scroll button. Integrated with push buttons. or you may have scroll button instead of just the push button. so there are a few aspects that I collected here. So basically this deals with special users, children, handicapped people, old people,. basically they are programmable,. And then they also secure covers, to protect. secure and hidden programming and battery covers that will protect your settings. But we don't have to integrate all these complicated features. I'm just saying that the currently in the market there are there are control there are remote controllers customisable for different people. And you see this is the one where you have the protection cover. maybe useful for children,. And for adults wh where you have more control you can see the one inside. So the adults might wanna have a key to lock that to pr so children will not touch the button inside. this is another company that provides big buttons. I see that that is useful for old people. But for our product we don't need a big one. because you have voice recognition eventually with use.
We should include speech synthesis in this case, no?
But as Norman say if there is already a commercial product available who who do this we we can check to integrate it i into our new remote control.
And, this is another one. the the the part that's a standing for the volume. So there's a up arrow and a down arrow. But you the see that in the, the appears to be the down arrow on the top. so it's confusing interface,. And here are is here is a short summary that I summary that I compiled after the findings I found. Big buttons are convenient,. voice recognition helps,. push buttons, scroll buttons, spinning wheels can be used as navigation tools. And user customisable is important. and finally simplicity simplicity is the key. we have many concepts there. but we have to choose later on which ones are important to be used.
Well I I think you it's it's it's fine you have reviewed all all the possibilities. but well i if we consider that the user interface is displayed on the TV screen I don't think we nee we need much buttons in the remote. since we we just have to navigate and to have a okay or enter key or things like that,. because adding wheels or scrolls makes the thing more complicated and more expensive also, so.
Or maybe we can include the user manual in the in the remote control. and we should have just a button like help. and you say and you ik you press the button help
Yeah. That's a good idea.
So you are display on the screen.
On the TV screen the how to use your remote.
So that eliminates all the complicated documentation,
But people are often enough looking at the help,. once they see the help button they say oh this is a complicated stuff.
In the case where they need help, in the case where they need help.
And let us see what the market demands.
It's just for user customizable, for kids or old people.
I mean it just showed us the remote with an cap which could be used for kids
Can be used by both kids and old people.
Well what I propose is that you know a remote controller, i it could be a cube,. is a small device that looks like a cube. and maybe you can just change the the buttons,. if you ch turn one side you get one one buttons,. you turn the other side you get the other buttons,
So we just made an marketing survey of what people need from our remotes. and how it could be special from the other remotes. And we got the best on the responses from the questionnaires. So seventy percent of the users, they find their remote controls very ugly,. they don't find it pleasant to use in the size or usage or anything. And eighty percent of the people they are always I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy. And the current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. And seventy five percent of the users said they zap a lot. And fifty percent say they use only ten percent of the buttons,. so the rest of the ninety percent of the buttons they're not used most of the times. And also they cited frustrations with the present remote controls. fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room. And if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it. fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes. and thirty four percent they say that it's quite difficult to learn if it's too complex. So keeping in view all these findings and the frustrations I think this should be the solution for them. We should have an LCD on the rem remote control.
Well well I I I don't really see the advantage of having LCD on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and display on the screen. yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on
I mean as our survey says that people are willing to pay more if their remotes are fancy. So if we have a LCD on the remote, rather than looking onto the TV you just look into a remote and navigate it. It's the same menu as we have saw that iPod remote control.
Yeah but when you play with the iPod you don't have a big screen in front of you, s
You can use this screen instead of the big se screen,
If you re-use the existing screen, we element eliminate the LCD,. and if you have the colourful screen you can make the display colourful, fancy,
Well I think we we can focus on the on the fancy look. on the speech recognition if the technology is available. but well I think LCD will will make us spend a lot of money for not so big results.
So the thing is you can find out how much an LCD will cost
I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers. And it's always good to have an voice recognition for the remote controls.
And also the cost for the speech recognition. Ask our and department.
Yeah it's only for a limited vocabulary,. say eighty commands or so.
And also the scroller button, how much will it cost.
Well compared to the to the simpl simpler simplest button.
From the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button. Because they they just they're just frightened to use the scrollings or help button.
Yeah I I I think that well as we have seen in the in the presentation well about fifty percent of the of the percent choose the button. so I think to have five simple button is sufficient for our functionality.
It doesn't mean that the other buttons are not necessary or important. But they are just less used compar
But the the thing is is i is that we can add a functionality on the on the TV screen. and then you choose with the with the button to well you navigate
Or maybe we can or maybe we can make this the ten percent of button more bigger than the others.
But if i i if we if we could have a a a display a user interface that is very complete on the TV screen I think that just five buttons are sufficient,. one to go up left right down and enter. and you you you just select the functionality you want to access or things like that.
Or it could be like this, as the people say, if they have a LCD on the remote not on the television. Because when you have the LCD onto the television screen you miss the picture in the background,. So if you have then LCD in the remote, you just have a menu,. and this menu when you press the menu, in the LCD displays as you go on pressing the menu it faster displays volume, then the program, then the brightness, contrast and all the stuff.
And I think it's increases the cost of the the remote control if you use LCD. I
I think that there's no contradiction here,. because if there are few buttons, you don't have to look at your your controller any more. so if you wanna control the screen sh sharpness you just say sharpness. and then you turn you just press lef increase or decrease button. if you had the speech recognition there you just shout your channel,. so finally that wil eliminates the the need for LCD,
And the third problem was to find the remote control.
Well so we we can think about a well a a vocal command like find
You will listen to a peep, special peep.
That's exactly what I mean by voice commander. it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control,. so we have some one charger there. and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger. And when we're using that remote and if we misplace somewhere, in the charger we have a small button, and just by pressing the button in the charger the remote control beeps, wherever it is.
And that's a good idea,
I mean it doe it also doesn't require a voice command,. because there are problems with a voice command. I mean charger would be fixed. because it's always with electricity plugged.
What we can do is we can program a function whereby when you press the switch off TV button, the off button, the remote there be instruction on the screen, please charge charge me. You never get it lost. because every time you're off the computer the TV you are asked the the command the TV com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where to the charger.
And of course the final point is a fancy look. As we have seen earlier the remotes which were displayed by Norman they weren't fancy,. I mean very big or something with lot of buttons. I mean I mean I mean you see if it's like that even a kid who wants to have a control he could just plug it and use it, you can't avoid him. But you can have an button for child lock. So just by pressing the button with some code, you you put a lock onto the remote, so that he can't use even
Well we can think about having on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the TV you can well write a code or choose a category, if it is kids, things like that.
Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids
I think these other four points they're the market demands. and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think
So for my part I will check the prices the the prices difference of what to use, where to use, and and so on.
Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th these could be included.
I think we need to define also a the set of vocabularies for the speech recogniser. because if you want say we can sort by channels or sort by TV programs, you have to decide a category of vocabularies for them.
And you can say to your remote control like sports. and then on the TV you have a list with with well with sports program playing now
We have a problem there. You see if you have a voice commands and you are you are watching a score on basketball score or something, and if the score comes twenty four thirty five, you've just say twenty five. and suddenly the screen the channel goes to twenty five. So I think there should be a prefix to some numbers
Well but well every possible word has a probability to come about of the TV so.
Ordinary twenty five you almost there's a probability of being said around sixty seventy percent. and TV twenty five I dunno it will be round about one or two percent.
But I I I think that the user would like wou would like to associate the channel or call the channel rather than than the numbers.
That will be too big. And it will be difficult for the vocabulary also.
Check with the R and department the capability of recogniser.
It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel. but you have to to have all the name of the channel in your vocabulary.
Als might be you just forgot the channel name, you kno only know the number.
Or maybe the user can create his own vocabulary,
I think there's another way you can do is that you can if when the user ch press a button to choose the channel for example, then what you can do is that the you can make the TV screen to split them into small little little squares of images where you you you have a snapshot of every channel,. you just use the control button,. you just you you just choose the the option you want
Or lets the user create his own vocabulary of channel. Just you have in the beginning you have you have to train
If if there is more than one person who is watching TV. the well the the speech recogniser should be able to distinguish between the two.
If we are using the television in the different environments, say in the factories or in the shops where there is a lot of noise and this voice commands if they fail to work, that would bring a bad name bad reputation for our company. So I think we should specify some pre-requirements if we want to use a voice commands,
Or we can switch on or switch off the the special, yeah.
Well I think that's a good a good option. because it's simple and simple to implement also, so.
I think these are the practical problems. So we need to take care of them in the design.
Maybe we'll discuss them in next meeting. It's time to close this meeting.